# GenieFletUI Windows guide

GenieFletUI is an AI chat assistant. This is Windows version, which supports richer features, especially supports RAG (shown as "🤖 Private Q&A").

## Environment setup

Step 1. Install python 3.12 or above.<br>
Step 2. Install necessary python module. Recommend to setup python virtual environment and intall modules with below commands.<br>
```
python -m venv myfletenv
myfletenv\Scripts\activate
pip install flet asyncio langchain langchain_community langchain-huggingface langchain-chroma jieba openai PyPDF2 rank_bm25 huggingface_hub hf_xet python-dateutil llama-cpp-python PyMuPDF pyyaml
```

## How to run in python environment

Step 1. Start cmd command prompt window and active python virtual environment with below command:
```
<myfletenv path>\Scripts\activate
```
Step 2. Go to ai-engine-direct-helper samples path and start GenieFletUI application with below command:
```
cd <your path>\ai-engine-direct-helper-2.34\samples
python fletui\geniefletui_win\GenieFletUI.py
```

## How to build GenieFletUI to Windows .exe file.

GenieFletUI can be built to Windows .exe file so that it can run without Python environment.<br>
Step 1. Start cmd command prompt window and active python virtual environment with below command:
```
<myfletenv path>\Scripts\activate
```
Step 2. Go to ai-engine-direct-helper GenieFletUI path and generate building .spec file with below command:
```
cd <your path>\ai-engine-direct-helper-2.34\samples\fletui\geniefletui_win
python GenieFletUI_generate_spec.py
```
Step 3. Build geniefletui with below command:
```
pyinstaller GenieFletUI.spec
```
GenieFletUI.exe will be saved at <your path>\ai-engine-direct-helper-2.34\samples\fletui\geniefletui_win\dist <br>

## Note

RAG Function "Private Q&A" depends on privacy database. Only when database is generated by **RagSaveDoc**, function "Private Q&A" is visible in GenieFletUI application.
